todo.md, before:

# To do

## Resolve logging issues
- "Player casts" - should be "you cast" - move to LogManager
- Consider using the LogManager.log with metadata option for other logging (big refactor)

## Integrate Combat Popup into RoomScene
- Replace the action buttons section, which solves the need to disable anything
- Remove "Use Item" button, make Inventory actions consume player turn if in combat

## Managers
- Room Manager
    - Stores the list of room types
    - Holds logic for determining next room
    - Room difficulty increases as player descends
    - "Stages" - set of 10? rooms, with a boss at the end

## Difficulty System
- A mechanic for determining and validating difficulty rating of encounters
- Prerequisites:
    - Room Manager
    - CombayEntity refactor

## Theme
Create and use a consistent theme
Remove all unnecessary theme overrides

## Weapon degradation
- Random shrine event repairs items
- Blacksmith room to repair or even improve gear

## Combat Enhancements
- Status effects
    - Stun - skip next turn
    - Weakness - reduced damage

## Magic
- Scrolls for single use spells
- Books to learn spells, consumes mana
- Staves improve spell effectiveness
- Wands with limited spell use


## More Rooms
- Unsafe rest rooms
    - Like Mimics, the description can give it away
    - Chance to be attacked in your sleep

## Quest System
- Encounter a room with an NPC
- Accept a quest
- Unlocks new rooms with quest actions
- Completing quest unlocks room with NPC again to complete
- Example:
    HERMIT: I've lost my marbles, can you find them for me?
    - Accept
    New Room: Has combat with unique monster
        Defeating monster drops marbles
    New Room: HERMIT - "Thank you! Here's something for your trouble"
    - Reward: magic item

## Overarching Story
- Rooms with options to explore, find clues, unravel some sort of plot

Commit message:

Add Scrolls tab to inventory

todo.md, after:

# To do

## Block invalid scroll use
- Trace back success/fail from status effect on_apply back to the use function
- e.g. healing scrolls when already at full health

## Resolve logging issues
- "Player casts" - should be "you cast" - move to LogManager
- Consider using the LogManager.log with metadata option for other logging (big refactor)

## Status Effect stacking issues
- Still needs work, for example, poison from a spell and poison from a weapon aren't stacking
- Status effects probably need a can_stack

## Integrate Combat Popup into RoomScene
- Replace the action buttons section, which solves the need to disable anything
- Remove "Use Item" button, make Inventory actions consume player turn if in combat

## Managers
- Room Manager
    - Stores the list of room types
    - Holds logic for determining next room
    - Room difficulty increases as player descends
    - "Stages" - set of 10? rooms, with a boss at the end

## Difficulty System
- A mechanic for determining and validating difficulty rating of encounters
- Prerequisites:
    - Room Manager
    - CombayEntity refactor

## Theme
Create and use a consistent theme
Remove all unnecessary theme overrides

## Weapon degradation
- Random shrine event repairs items
- Blacksmith room to repair or even improve gear

## Combat Enhancements
- Status effects
    - Stun - skip next turn
    - Weakness - reduced damage

## Magic
- Scrolls for single use spells
- Books to learn spells, consumes mana
- Staves improve spell effectiveness
- Wands with limited spell use


## More Rooms
- Unsafe rest rooms
    - Like Mimics, the description can give it away
    - Chance to be attacked in your sleep

## Quest System
- Encounter a room with an NPC
- Accept a quest
- Unlocks new rooms with quest actions
- Completing quest unlocks room with NPC again to complete
- Example:
    HERMIT: I've lost my marbles, can you find them for me?
    - Accept
    New Room: Has combat with unique monster
        Defeating monster drops marbles
    New Room: HERMIT - "Thank you! Here's something for your trouble"
    - Reward: magic item

## Overarching Story
- Rooms with options to explore, find clues, unravel some sort of plot
